c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.pdb
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Core.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Core.pdb
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\obj\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\obj\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.dll
c:\users\gel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AnimalFarmManager\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\obj\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.pdb
C:\workspace\NET\AFM\AnimalFarmMagener\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\obj\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.dll
C:\workspace\NET\AFM\AnimalFarmMagener\AnimalFarmManager.Tests\obj\Debug\AnimalFarmManager.Tests.pdb
